axi_apb_bridge_v1_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_can_v1_03_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_dma_v6_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_ethernetlite_v1_01_b DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_ethernet_v3_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_gpio_v1_01_b DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_hwicap_v2_03_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_iic_v1_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_intc_v1_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_lite_ipif_v1_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_slave_burst_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_timebase_wdt_v1_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_uartlite_v1_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
axi_xadc_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
proc_sys_reset_v4_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_ccm_v4_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_cfa_v5_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_cresample_v2_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_deinterlacer_v2_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_enhance_v4_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_gamma_v5_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_noise_v4_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_osd_v4_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_rgb2ycrcb_v5_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_spc_v5_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_stats_v4_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_tc_v4_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
v_ycrcb2rgb_v5_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY mti XCO hrz
