ahblite_axi_bridge_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_ahblite_bridge_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_apb_bridge_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_can_v1_03_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_cdma_v3_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_datamover_v3_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_dma_v6_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_emc_v1_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_epc_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_ethernetlite_v1_01_b DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_ethernet_v3_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_fifo_mm_s_v2_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_gpio_v1_01_b DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_hwicap_v2_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_iic_v1_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_intc_v1_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_plbv46_bridge_v2_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_quad_spi_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_sysace_v1_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_timebase_wdt_v1_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_timer_v1_03_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_uart16550_v1_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_uartlite_v1_02_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_vdma_v5_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
axi_xadc_v1_00_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
plbv46_axi_bridge_v2_01_a DEFAULT_FAMILY FOCUS mti XCO hrz
